a new virus unlike any other has
infiltrated schools through social media
a pandemic quickly spreading around the
world its origin is yet to be known
however individuals with a history of
negative and violent home environments
are often more susceptible to
contraction this girl has been infected
she is now host to the virus and risk
spreading it to anyone every post the
host makes and every text she sends
exposes the virus to multiple people
instantly it is highly contagious and no
one is immune
but some individuals may suffer more
greatly from its side-effects the virus
has chosen its victim
carriers of the virus can be the least
suspected of people and may even be
unaware of their own infection no one
not even this girl's parents and
teachers are aware that she is carrying
such a deadly disease strains of this
illness can be transferred by phone
email and social media through wireless
and satellite transmission it can reach
you at home at school or anywhere the
effects of the virus can take hours or
days before getting out of control and
causing serious damage to its victims
the virus feeds on those who are
vulnerable to feeling emotions of hate
anger
envy insecurity
and peer pressure
the effects have proven severe and could
cause emotional scarring creating
long-term symptoms of depression and in
some cases suicide but there is a way to
fight against it
fight the virus you can put a stop to it
in support of pink shirt day join the
battle against bullying right in pink to
prevent further outbreaks of this
pandemic protect yourself and report
cases of the cyberbullying virus
you